docs(angular.js): mention updates to Angular.js (#2330)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes.adoc

The changes will automatically be available when changing a page in Bonita UI Designer <2023.1> developed with a previous Bonita UI Designer version. xref:pages-and-forms:widgets.adoc#widgets-templating-troubleshooting[Custom styling] could be impacted so take this fact into account in your development estimates.
====

==== Manual web resource declaration in UID page metadata

In addition to the automatic permission mapping done at a Custom page deploiement, it is now possible to declare web resources manually in a page/fragment/widget metadata. Less time spent now on post deployement configuration requests by DevOps team mananing Bonita instances 

_ It is the good practice we are introducing regarding web resource's for a page declaration. _

=== AngularJS version used by Bonita UI Designer Artifact builder security fixes

During the last year we explored all possible options for providing a supported AngularJS version. In the end we decided to handle the need in-house. 
The first step of the long term project we initiated is correcting all critical and high CVEs in Bonita UI Designer Artifact builder. 

> For that, we made a fork of the AngularJS project and cherry-picked the fixes to the version that is used by the module.

Reviewer: Adapt 
```suggestion
For that, we made a fork of the AngularJS project and adapted the fixes to the version that is used by the module.
```

Reminder : For commercial and support questions, please refer to your Customer Success referent.
====

> === AngularJs fix of version used by UID Artifact builder

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== AngularJS fix of version used by Bonita UI Designer Artifact builder
```

> In order to fix CVEs in the UID Artifact builder, we have made a fork of the AngularJs project and cherry-picked the fixes to the version that is used by the module.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to fix CVEs in Bonita UI Designer Artifact builder, we have made a fork of the AngularJS project and cherry-picked the fixes to the version that is used by the module.
```
